Congratulations you've made it you've completed the course.
So what we'll do is we'll go through a very quick review of everything we've covered and I've hope I
hope you've enjoyed this course and if you have any feedback from me on how I can improve the course
or make it more simplistic to understand please let me know.
So a county as we know is more of a science because you're looking backwards and you have to completely
and accurately ensure that the numbers are accurately reflected now finance as we know is a bit more
of an art because you're predicting the future and you'll never be 100 percent correct but directionally
of course you have to be correct and that's why it's a little bit more of an art on the accounting side
.
We start off by talking about what is an income statement and we talked about what is a balance sheet
and what does a cash flow statement and what is the purpose of these three statements and how are they
all linked together.
And then after the accounting section we started to project the future using our crystal ball and Microsoft
Excel and the inputs that we use are readily available and free for everybody which is awesome.
We use Investor Relations Web sites.
Yahoo Finance which is great and the Securities and Exchange Commission and what we did was we use all
of this information when we forecast it to try to come up with the appropriate target price at the end
of the road there.
And we also did a very high level analysis using a number of different formulas to assess the financial
health of a company.
And so I hope you enjoyed this course.
I've certainly enjoyed putting it together and I try to always enjoy what I learn or what I teach in
and hopefully that that comes through as well so no longer are any of us confused about finance and
accounting.
We put that to rest.
So congratulations.
And again please let me know how I can make this course better for you.
Thanks a lot for your time and for your commitment
.